This product respects and protects the privacy of all users who use this product's network services. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this product will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this product will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, this product will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This product will update the privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to the protocol for the use of this product's network services, you are deemed to have agreed to the full content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the product's network service usage protocol.


1. Scope of application


A) When you register the account number of this product,


Personal registration information provided by you in accordance with the requirements of this product (except business name and related business registration information required by laws and regulations);


B) When you use the product network service or visit the product platform web page, the product automatically receives and records the information on your browser and iPhone or ipad, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware features information and the web page notes you need. Recording and other data;


C) User's personal data obtained by the product from business partners through legal channels. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy:


D) The keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the product platform; privacy policy


2. Information Use


(a) This product will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless prior permission is obtained from you or the third party and the product (including its affiliates) provide services to you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, access will be prohibited, including its previous capabilities. All of this information is accessible.


B) This product also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information free of charge by any means. Any user of this product platform who engages in the above activities has the right to terminate the service agreement with the user immediately upon discovery.


C) For the purpose of serving users, the product may provide you with information of interest through the use of your personal information, including, but not limited to, product and service information, or information shared with the product partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent). )


3. Information Disclosure


Under the following circumstances, this product will disclose all or part of your personal information according to your personal wishes or legal provisions:


(a) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent;


B) To provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with third parties.


(c) Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial bodies in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of administrative or judicial bodies;


D) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or the service agreement or related rules of this product, you need to disclose them to a third party.


E) If you are a qualified intellectual property complaint and have lodged a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;


F) In a transaction created on the platform of this product, if either party has fulfilled or partially fulfilled its trading obligations and made a request for information disclosure, the product has the right to decide to provide the user with necessary information such as the contact mode of the other party of the transaction, so as to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes.


G) Disclosure of other products deemed appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.


4. Information Storage and Exchange


The information and information collected by this product will be stored on the servers of this product and/or its affiliated companies, which may be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where the information and information collected by this product are located and accessed, stored and displayed abroad.


5. Use of Cookies


A) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this product will set or access cookies on your mobile phone so that you can log in or use cookies-dependent platform services or functions. This product uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services.


B) You have the right to accept or reject cookies. You can reject cookies by modifying browser settings. But if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to log in or use cookies-dependent network services or functions of your product.


C) The relevant information obtained through the cookies set up in this product will be applicable to this policy.
6. Information Security


A) The account number of this product has security protection function. Please keep your username and password information properly. This product will ensure that your information is not lost, abused and altered by encrypting user passwords and other security measures. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network.


B) When using this product's network services for online transactions, it is inevitable for you to disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the username and password of this product is leaked, please contact the customer service of this product immediately so that the product can take appropriate measures.


C) The relevant information and data collected by this product, including but not limited to participatory activities, transaction information and evaluation details;


D) Violation of the law or the rules of this product and the measures taken against you by this product.


7. Changes in the Privacy Policy


(a) If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, and where we think it is appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it.


B) This product reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. Major changes to this policy will be notified through website notification.


Users disclose their personal information, such as contact information or postal address. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the username and password of the application, please contact the application customer service immediately so that the application can take appropriate measures.
